Welcome to Medical Doctors for COVID Ethics International, and today's special format of discussion, which will be a discussion between two experts in the field, J.J.
Cooey and Sukrit Bhakti.
Both of them have presented on a number of occasions to us.
We're so grateful that they have.
And this group was founded by Dr. Stephen Frost.
I'm Charles Koves, the moderator.
We comprise lots of professions here, and we're from all around the world.
This group has been going for over three years.
Most of us understand we're in the middle of World War III, and that the medical science battle is only one of 12 battlefronts in this world war.
But today we're focusing on the medical science battle, although I haven't been briefed precisely, Jay and Sukrit, how you're going to have this discussion, but we're very much looking forward to this.
most of us understand the development of science and that the science is never settled.
So we will listen to Jay and Sukrit for as long as they wish to discuss and then we'll have an opportunity for questions.
Jay is only with us for an hour and a quarter from now.
Jay, so thank you, Stephen Frost, for creating this group.
Thank you, everyone, for being here.
Sukrit and Jay, their CVs can be found on their presentations, so I won't go through those backgrounds.
And Stephen, in terms of the format that you have discussed with Jay and Sukrit, we're just going to let them in.
Charles, I'll just tell you as much as I know.
So I spoke to JJ last night and to Sukrit too, but I didn't want to weigh down Sukrit.
So I asked JJ what he thought and he said, could I just do a brief presentation to kind of, and obviously if Sukrit wants to do the same, that's fine.
So I think JJ was thinking about 10, 15 minutes.
And then I think the best thing would be if
JJ and Sukrit could just talk.
And I suggested to JJ that if I, you know, I think the aim of the exercise is to have a very interesting video.
It doesn't, they don't have to agree on everything, but I think that make the video as interesting as possible.
And,
and so keeping in mind that it's a document which can be viewed by people all around the world in two years' time even, or five years' time.
And I said that maybe, did I have his permission to interrupt if I thought that the meeting was going a little bit astray as far as what I think the public need to know?
Absolutely, and I think that's fine.
Yes, maybe Sukrit wouldn't agree, but I'll try not to interrupt Sukrit and JJ.
Sure, go ahead.
So if everybody's agreeing that I'm starting, I'm ready.
Are you happy with that, Sigrid?
You don't have to agree.
Sure, sure.
I'm happy with almost everything.
If you are not seeing my screen now and me on my screen, then when I switch over here, you won't see me either.
Yes, we can see that.
Okay, Jay, it's okay.
If you need to, you got to go to speaker view.
So I come to you, Sukrit, and I'm going to make this a personal message because everyone here has seen me a lot of times.
So we're all good friends here.
But Sukrit and I actually first crossed paths in the original Doctors for COVID Ethics before it blew up.
And I remember that those first few meetings very well, because the first time that I clicked on that Zoom meeting, and I saw you and
And Wolfgang Wodock, I actually thought it wasn't going to last very much longer.
And I'm coming to you as an American because I think America is actually under attack.
I think we're being undermined from the inside by traders who are collaborating with other people in other nations that have similar problems to manage.
And so I start this stream with like, or this explanation with like a little bit of words that have Fauci behind them and a little smoke, because I think there's a 30,000 foot message here that at the start of the pandemic, they convinced us to go home and get on social media and argue with the people that they put in front of us and argue about what they were arguing about.
And by doing that, we actually accepted the premises of their narrative that included this crazy novel virus that everybody was vulnerable to.
And this theater actually spans almost the entire mythology of what we've been following.
And unfortunately for me as an American, a lot of my history is part of this mythology.
We have been governed by stories about what we're doing in different countries and what we mean to do there and how we're spending our money.
And we have been behind our TVs and cheering for our sports teams, not realizing that our government was out of our control for the last two or three decades.
And so for me, it's very, very important to emphasize that I was particularly trapped on Twitter.
And because Twitter was presented to me as this place where people were getting away with giving out information that the government didn't want them to give away with.
And I got tied in with all of these people that have risen to be international heroes at COVID summits and
and giving speeches in front of crowds.
And all of these people know who I am.
A lot of them even take selfies with me, but none of them will talk about the biology that I've come to understand.
And if you can hear the noise there, that's the guy in that chair.
For five years, I thought I was fighting Tony Fauci and Deborah Birx and the CDC and the lies that Peter Daszak had made some virus with the Chinese.
And I thought I was fighting them by promoting these people.
by trying to get on their podcast, by trying to argue with them, by trying to get them to notice me.
And what I didn't realize was that was all part of that big game.
And I don't want you to underestimate how much
sort of UFO-like pain I've been through.
And when I say UFO-like pain, I mean, I was totally in.
I wanted to be a tenure track professor.
I was a biologist.
I wanted to learn the university system.
I wanted to learn how to write grants.
And so I would have given anything to keep my job at the beginning of the pandemic, but I also knew that something crazy was going on.
And so at the beginning of the pandemic, I ended up getting fired from
the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine.
And as far as I know, I'm the only person in America that actually lost a job in 2020 with a track record of just doing academic biology and trying to make it.
And in fact, my CV includes a Nobel Prize winning lab and five papers with them.
So it's a little bit dubious for me that I'm the only
I don't want to toot my own horn.
I want you to see how desperate it is in America that actually all the Americans that have risen as heroes didn't lose anything.
And in fact, my resume includes a whole year where I was employed by Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Children's Health Defense to help him write this book.
And you can even see my name in the acknowledgments.
And I worked for Children's Health Defense afterward for another six months before they fired me for talking about Robert Malone on my stream.
And so I have been trying to teach people to understand that what they told us on the TV and in social media is not the truth, but also that I don't know what the truth is.
I only know that they're lying.
So I'm sorry I'm goofing around a little bit.
I'm trying to get this window a little smaller there so I can see.
I'd just like to say something that, from my perspective, we've had hundreds of guests on this channel, and so I've got used to listening to people saying various things about what's happened in the last four and a half years.
And Sukrit Bhakti, Professor Dr. Sukrit Bhakti, Thai-German, and you, JJ Cooey, Dr. JJ Cooey, PhD,
are the outstanding people on our side.
Maybe Mike Eden as well.
He was invited tonight, but I thought that he was a little bit hard to get, but he always is like that.
So I thought actually it would benefit tonight.
It would be good to have just you and
Sukrit anyway and we can have Mike Eden another time but I think he's up there with you too but I think everyone in the world should listen to what you two have to say because I think from my perspective as a British medical doctor
You are the two outstanding experts on COVID-19 and whether there was a pandemic or not, and whether there was in fact a disease called COVID-19, whether there was a new respiratory disease.
I think you are the two guys who can work it out together.
Thank you very much.
And I think we have to work it out together as a story.
And so the current narrative that all of us, most of us have been brought to understand is crucial.
And if you watch this list and think about it as I read it, it should really bring into focus how even both sides of our countries have basically come to accept a middle ground narrative.
The first one is,
that the truth was definitely censored on social media in 2020 and 2021.
The other part of this narrative is that a novel virus swept the world, including twice in 2021, because there was a variant and then there was Omicron, and everybody got both of those.
The shortage or overuse, depending on who you talk to, sometimes it was a shortage, sometimes it was overuse of ventilators killed people.
There was no expected rise of all cause mortality, all the novel deaths, all the excess deaths,
in these countries were a result of this novel virus.
We rushed the rollout of this new technology, and that saved people, but we made a lot of mistakes with it, and now it's starting to come out what kinds of mistakes we might have made by rushing it.
And then once we stop using this toxic spike protein, when once we clean up the DNA contamination, the methodology of transfection, which is what it was called when it was sold as many different products before 2020, transfection is good to go to use in humans forever.
That's where we are.
And in fact, we are where most people have come to accept that
The old vaccines and the new vaccines remain a wonderfully, wonderful, great way to augment the immune system via intramuscular injection.
That's where most people on the planet are in most Western countries.
And this terrifies me because after five years going from a complete naive academic biologist to a full-blown skeptic, I've come to understand biology
well enough to be able to explain why this isn't true.
So if you take this, and I just want to make sure we're doing all the same mental exercise here, if you take this and try to explain this little part of the graph down here, if you can see my arrow, this little part of the graph down here, if you try to explain it with a pie graph, what you might do is say that the red is 32% COVID,
The yellow is vents and protocols.
We killed some people.
The vaccines are now hurting a lot of people, and they hurt a lot of people after 2021.
And then, of course, there are just these people that died.
And so that's how the mainstream narrative would explain what happened here.
We had a virus.
We also had a response.
Some of it was botched.
Some people committed suicide because of the lockdown, all that stuff.
That's all wrapped up in here.
And we have all come to accept that that's just what happens when there's a crisis.
Now, I would argue that that's absolutely not the case.
Let's start with the first one.
Truth wasn't censored on Twitter and social media.
Truth was faux-censored on Twitter, and people followed the people who got to go on Tucker Carlson and complain about it.
People followed the people who got censored on LinkedIn and then went to Gab.
and went to Telegram and went to locals.
And so actually they got us to perform several times via our phone and our social media, a literal button push to tell them that we were the dissidents and what we were doing and what we were willing to do.
Were you willing to log into another
another platform?
Were you willing to give your credit card again?
This kind of thing.
So did a novel virus sweep the world?
I don't think so.
I think a background noise was misconstrued as novel spread, and I can explain how that is absolutely undifferentiatable from what they say they have as 16 million sequences of SARS-CoV-2.
The shortage or overuse of ventilators killed people.
I've challenged every doctor that I've ever been able to talk to to
figure out whether they already knew that pure oxygen can cause acute respiratory distress syndrome.
Because in the literature, I have accumulated more than a thousand articles from
before the pandemic, but many of them even predate 1990, where people realized that in the ICU, if you give somebody pure oxygen, they're going to go south.
And why?
And then they experimented with actually all the way down to 80%.
If you give it to them pure, not the right way, without monitoring, you can drive them right into ARDS, which will lead to bacterial pneumonia and sepsis and everything else.
And so that literature is very strangely contrasting with what we did in America, which is we had people like Pierre Corey going in front of the Senate telling people that they were low on oxygen in New York City.
And the way they solved it was giving them pure oxygen up to 60 liters a minute.
and this murdered people, and then they called it COVID in the hospital.
There was no expected rise in all-cause mortality on the radar of any country.
That's an absolute lie.
We've known since the 80s that because we had big families after World War II, and then the family size slowly decreased, while at the same time, our ability to keep people alive and take care of people at end-of-life care has greatly increased in our for-profit healthcare system.
Medicare is half of America's budget, and America has known for the last 15 or 20 years that if we let these baby boomers age out on Medicare, we will go bankrupt.
There's footage of Ted Turner talking about this on TV in the 90s that I remembered.
So this is not something that all these countries didn't know was going to happen, and guess what?
The Chinese also had this problem.
That's why they instituted the one-child policy in the first place.
So we were at a time frame when all these countries were going to have an inconvenient level of all-cause mortality, and they had a real bona fide reason to manage it.
So we rushed out a new technology.
No, we didn't.
We rushed it out in the guise of a crisis so that we could hide the expected downsides.
We've always known transfection wouldn't work in healthy humans.
That's why it was only tested on cancer patients and other people that were going to die before the pandemic.
So we accept this technology and we'll never be able to evaluate vaccination again because it starts to become a platform where you substitute what you put in as a cassette.
And so they're casting a spell on you to think that once this methodology is proven, then we can put any Lego we want in there.
And if that Lego is bad, well, we'll just fix the Lego instead of fixing the methodology when the methodology was bunk from the start.
So vaccines remain a wonderfully great way?
I would say no.
I would say intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
If there are exceptions to that rule, then let's find them.
But I don't think there are very many, and none of them have to do with viruses.
Now, if this is the truth,
then we would explain what happened in 2020 and 2021 very differently, because we would have expected a rise in all-cause mortality in all of these countries that agreed to the new normal and build back better.
All these countries had exactly the same problem, and so they expected a lot of people to die.
And so what better way to manage these people than to murder them instead of keep them alive for the last year of their life?
And so many countries had this problem, it's very hard to underestimate how easily they could have done it if they just used pure oxygen, or if they just starved people in the hospitals of Scotland, in the care homes of Scotland, or let them die of thirst, or urinary tract infection, because you know, antibiotics don't work on a viral disease.
So I think I can summarize this best in four basic headlines.
And so I would like you to ask questions based on these headlines.
And I'm going to go real quick now because I want you to have time.
The biological and actuarial backgrounds have been ignored by so many actuaries and so many virologists.
So I'm going to explain why there can be a background signal that we would never have known about before the pandemic simply because we weren't testing for it.
And of course, what this actuarial background is.
Murder in America was by opioids, number one, because we've lost almost a half a million Americans to opioids in the last four years.
And you have to subtract those people from the COVID numbers.
And if you do that, it's kind of like, bump, bump, ba-dum.
There's not a lot left.
And especially from the fact that those people are of all age groups.
So the perceived decrease in life expectancy in America isn't from COVID, as Pierre Cory and
and Tony Fauci would like you to believe.
Pure oxygen murdered people, no antibiotics, and using steroids also murdered people.
You can ask Robert Malone about that, because he joked about that on a podcast in 2021, where he explained that people were given dexamethasone, which is a hammer for their immune system, and then sent back to care homes to die of pneumonia.
Again, because
Antibiotics don't work on a viral pneumonia.
And then, of course, hospital neglect was all over the world.
My father-in-law died of a urinary tract infection, and my sister-in-law had to take three or four vaccines in order to keep getting chemo in the Netherlands.
PCR can be extremely high resolution on a university academic bench, but also nonsense for good
for PCR in COVID, and none of these people in five years have been able to explain that.
And finally, RNA biology does not support the premises of a pandemic, and this is a coronavirus sub-protein, and this is a drug you might be familiar with, and the only reason why any of these people can make an argument about
coronavirus is being able to pandemic is because of these two little hints here.
So we can talk about that too.
So I'll explain it really quick.
First, the biology.
Everybody before the pandemic agreed that endemicity would be the scariest thing.
From before the pandemic, people were talking about how if a bat cave virus gets out,
The craziest thing would be as if it becomes endemic and contributes to this already terrible background of death that Mother Nature provides for us.
So that is impossible to differentiate.
This is endemicity.
It's leaked in a mud puddle in Wuhan and suddenly it's everywhere, including in white-tailed deer.
The endemicity is undifferentiated from an already existing background that the biosecurity state carefully characterized before 2020 because we don't have any data from before 2020.
And isn't that convenient for them?
Not one test.
Nothing.
Yet before, when the pandemic rolled out, I don't know if Senator Ron Johnson's aware, but at some point in 2021, we had over 200 EUA authorized diagnostics for COVID-19 that are all off the market now.
They're all gone.
And so the whole, the illusion of this background could have easily been sustained by any number of
of, let's say, less than happy actors there.
So the biological part can also be replaced by an actuarial part, because again, as I said, the population pyramid of America was top heavy.
And these are bad numbers.
I don't know where these numbers come from.
I don't think these are probably accurate, because the real accurate numbers would show you exactly how much of a phenomenon was coming for the next five years that will go away in five years, because these old people will be gone.
And they knew that was coming.
I can't stress enough how all of these countries have known it was coming.
And in fact, countries like the Netherlands and probably Germany, if you look into it, Canada, and China all had this problem that if they would have mismanagement of this problem would have left them with hospitals and care homes full of old people.
And just countless amounts of money being spent on these, the last years of their lives.
And so in America,
with the opioid crisis, with supplementary oxygen, but also with lack of antibiotics, used ventilators, remdesivir, midazolam, all of these things.
Do not resuscitate orders, fear, frustration, and doubt.
People doing crazy stuff, yes, but they only had to do a little bit.
They only had to do a little bit because the vast majority of this was expected.
So if they used a military operation to sweep a few together in New York and a few other places, and then got a bunch of people on social media to scream with burning hair about it, it becomes very easy to cover up murder and lies and say that it's the start of a novel pandemic.
And that's why I call it murder.
And so these people are getting away with it by not talking about 2020.
If you're wondering, there's a Scottish care home study and whatever that's been coming out a couple of years in a row now.
It's just devastatingly obvious that they murdered people there.
If you look at just the midazolam numbers for 2020, you can see the spike of murder.
It's just very easy to see what they did.
And it was a coordinated effort.
And what's really scary is that all the people that were really into the pandemic in 2020, when I was still a faculty member at the University of Pittsburgh, didn't have any of these ideas in their head.
They had no idea that there was an expected rise in all-cause mortality.
They had no idea that oxygen could kill people if it was given to people at 60 liters a minute.
Instead, they were super fired up about a fear and cleavage site that they were sure meant that it was a gain-of-function virus.
They were sure that mitochondrial damage was happening or that the virus was going up the olfactory nerve.
And so all of these people were singing from the rooftops with different parts of a narrative that actually had nothing to do with what was going on, but were there just to cover up the murder and lies and make it easier for them to roll out the transfection because these same people are still in front of us in social media today.
They still get in front of the Senate for the sixth time or the fourth time or whatever, they're all the same people.
And these are people that are connected to this narrative, which has replaced
a mystery virus Scooby-Doo story with what are actually the biology expected if they started transfecting people to new proteins.
And we knew all this from all the transfection that we've done on our bench, all the transfection trials that we've done since Jesse Gelsinger and beyond in humans.
We've known exactly what we needed to do in order to get this stuff out.
And we needed a crisis to get it out.
And we needed a crisis that we could tie all these bad things that we knew would happen anytime somebody got a hot batch and actually transfected
with a placebo.
So you just put a bunch of placebos out there.
You can meet any manufacturing quota you want.
In the meantime, you can use your databases and whatever else to keep track of those lots that are actually hot.
And so that's the reason why no one will talk about the background signal and why it could be misconstrued as spread.
Most of the illusion is dismissed already there, especially if you tie into the fact that all of the people that have been in front of us have never been able to adequately and succinctly explain how PCR can be very accurate in a university and ridiculously aspecific on a hot background with a bunch of random companies making them, especially from China.
Define the countermeasures as transformations and transfections.
I don't know if you're aware, Sukrit, but before the pandemic, using adenovirus to express a protein was called transformation.
And using naked DNA or mRNA in a gene gun with gold particles or with lipofectamine or with centrifugation or with electroporation, that was all called transfection.
And so there were companies that were selling a whole catalog of products under the headline transfection.
And at the beginning of the pandemic, my government called those investigational vaccines.
That's an obvious truth that no one is saying.
So even in the purest form, these chemically altered RNAs would have never been able to produce a high-fidelity protein.
These RNAs would have never been able to be produced in their pure form.
And anybody that's worked in a pharmaceutical company where they make biologics like
And like a monoclonal antibody, they all know that you can't make a pure, pure, pure RNA, that there will be these fragmented RNAs.
And all of these biologists ought to know that tiny RNAs, micro RNAs, small interfering RNAs, these are all
points of regulation that we barely even understand and don't want to mess with an unknown quantity.
And then finally, this might bother you a little bit for the last five years, but there's been all these people going around saying that there's no virus.
And I think I finally figured out what their problem is.
They're trying to help cover this up too, because if they weren't trying to help cover this up, then they would have already taken number five and run with it, which is that if you go back to the virology literature, especially with regard to RNA viruses, you will find that people go into the wild and they find a signal using PCR or sequencing, but then they don't grow that signal in a culture dish.
They don't grow that signal by
by swabbing a lot of bats.
What they do is they order that signal from a synthetic DNA manufacturer, they assemble it, and then they amplify it in a bacterial culture and then using a commercial RNA polymerase, they can turn it into RNA and then put that RNA on their cell culture and call that virology.
But they're starting with a pure quantity of the RNA that they claim to have found in the wild that they could never produce by any other means.
And that is the main illusion that occurs in virology.
And so even those papers that are called gain of function are done this way.
And so I can explain that again, if it's necessary.
And finally, I think the shortcut is to say, RNA cannot pandemic because it's not, it doesn't have the same biology that we've attributed to the magic molecule of DNA.
It just doesn't.
And so that's another thing that a lot of these biologists should have done known better.
So
The summary, again, this narrative that they told us on TV isn't true.
They didn't censor the truth at the beginning.
They got us to follow the people that they censored.
And those people have been fooling us.
There wasn't a novel virus.
There was a background signal that can't be differentiated from what they call a virus going endemic.
And I think it's very damning that you can find
lectures from a long time ago that predate all the way to 2002 with the original SARS, where they're talking about endemicity as the scary thing.
That's 10 years of time to characterize a background that they then lied to us about.
The shortage of ventilators, or Elon Musk going to make ventilators, or Donald Trump going to ship ventilators to New York.
This is all nonsense.
In fact, they were running
an oxygen plant on the ship Comfort in New York City and running this narrative about everybody if you don't have vents you can give them oxygen and that is absolutely murder.
And I know at least one man, my friend Scott, whose daughter was murdered just like that.
There's a huge rise in expect at all cause mortality.
That's a big one.
We didn't rush it out.
We actually did this on purpose because otherwise transfection would have never been accepted by everyone.
And this lie about the spike or this lie about, I don't know what they're talking about.
Those all things might be true, but transfection to any foreign protein, and I know Sukrit will agree with this, because this is who I learned it from, transfection to any foreign protein is going to challenge the immune system to attack itself.
And it's going to make mistakes.
It can't do that flawlessly.
It's a terrible idea.
And you're also augmenting the immune system.
intramuscularly, I think is a very dubious claim of methodology, because as Sukrit can tell you, the immune system is oriented, it's oriented inside out.
And so augmenting it not at a barrier, but behind the barrier is just insane, especially for
a respiratory, whatever.
And that's why we are here.
We are here where people like Steve Kirsch is saying that maybe in five years we'll have safe vaccines in America if Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
makes them safe.
And we have Elon Musk actually saying that the reason why we don't have smallpox in America is because of the smallpox vaccine still.
And it's scary.
They are, I need your help, Sucrit, because you and other people from Europe can look at your own vaccine schedule and compare the calendar.
And quantity and you can see that my vaccine schedule in America is criminal and it's evidence that these people are criminals.
And you can help because you don't even have to say anything about Germany, you can just evaluate what I'm showing you and follow up on this.
I really think I can explain any of these in detail that you want to, and the way that I would summarize it is intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection in healthy humans was always criminal, and RNA cannot pandemic.
Please try and see if any of that, we can discuss any of that.
Thank you.
And most importantly, from my point of view as a medical doctor, was there a pandemic or wasn't there?
And in fact, is it possible that pandemics are not possible in the future and haven't been in the past?
So the whole thing about pandemics was a construct for these criminals, in my opinion, and they've been working up to it, trying to undermine the influence of immunologists who know about the wonderful immune system of all animals, including human beings.
and handing it over to the virologists, whose duty, in my opinion, to all these criminals was to push virology, to hide the immunology, so that human beings, mere human beings, could actually be hubristic and say they know better than God, whoever God is.
So I think this is anti-human and it's really important that we get to the bottom of this about whether pandemics are possible.
We were taught at medical school, a deadly virus kills its host.
I asked the immunologist, the immunology professor at the time, I was a medical student, I didn't even know why I was asking the question.
I said, does that mean that pandemics are not possible?
And the immunologist professor said, very good, Stephen, but I had no idea why he said very good.
I don't know what he knew.
Looking back, I didn't know what he knew at the time.
Can I chime in?
Sure.
It's your go, Sukrit.
Well, I'm going to be very short.
Jay, I have nothing to add to anything you said.
I completely agree, so there's not going to be any discussion on this.
The only point I want to make to you, Jay, is that I have specifically and intentionally always avoided any discussion on the topic of virus or no virus, because I felt that it was better to avoid this discussion in order to not lose time and effort
on a topic that was not really relevant.
It's not relevant because what is really relevant now is that we have to stop this rollout of the RNA and vector vaccines.
This is what we have to try to do.
And as everyone who is listening today know, the WHO declared, what was this over a year ago,
that it was their intent to install RNA vaccinations in veterinary medicine and human medicine.
And as you yourself said, Jay, it's a cassette that has been put into a recorder, okay?
And there's no control anymore.
So my soul,
My sole purpose in the next weeks and months is my sole intent is to try to stop this and to get you guys to stop it.
Now, the second thing was the question about pandemic.
And, Stephen, your immunology professor said, very good, because the question was very good.
And of course, as I've been trying to say for four years now, there is no pandemic, there was no pandemic, and there will be no pandemic.
And
It's like Jay said, the RNA can't pandemic.
It can't.
And there's no reason to discuss this anymore because it's clear.
And if it's clear, we shouldn't waste time talking about it.
So anyone who comes up and says there was a pandemic, he should prove that there was one.
It's not we who have to show that there was no pandemic.
But in fact,
no numbers will support that statement.
No one has any numbers that can support that statement.
So that is actually all I wanted to say as a comment to what Jay said, because I have no comments except that I agree entirely with everything that he has said.
So, Greg, can I ask you, how do you think we should, do you think that what JJ is saying, and I've been saying this for a long time, that we need to create our own narrative.
It's really important.
We don't need to discuss with the people who don't agree with us.
We need to tell the public what we know, and we haven't done that properly so far.
All right, Stephen, sorry, I'm sorry.
I there, I disagree.
I don't think we can succeed.
It's impossible.
It's impossible to transmit this knowledge to laypeople.
It's just too difficult.
It's too difficult.
I've spent a lot of time and effort trying to transmit the simplest things.
I mean, Jay went into some depth, and that makes it impossible to reach the vast majority of people.
So what I think, and this is what I want to propose to all of you today, and I'm so glad that people like Ron Johnson is there, Vera Sharaf is here.
Hello, everyone.
But you are the people who can now take over and you have the power to do so.
You have this laser sword, okay?
Star Wars.
Because, and this is what I want to bring home today, the Robert Koch files have given you this instrument
They have given you a present that is more precious than anything that has happened in the last five years.
So I wanted to ask you, I think there are 78 participants, who knows about the Robert Koch files?
Stephen, what do you know?
I haven't had time to look into that secret.
Well, then I tell you, all of you.
I advise all of you.
May I ask the 78 of you who are here, who knows about the Robert Koch files?
I think Nick Hudson probably does.
Yeah, and they always got it under.
Nick, are you here?
Yeah, he's there.
Nick, what are you saying?
It's been a long time since we spoke.
What does that tell you?
Well, we were looking at them very closely and there are a number of inconsistencies, but I mean, let's put the inconsistencies in our concern regarding the changing nature of the disclosures over time.
And the disclosures come, just to explain to the audience, the disclosures come in two formats.
There's a leak and there's the equivalent of an American FOIA.
and their incompatibilities, their signs of editing of documents, including emails.
So the provenance of these files and the manner of the leaks and FOIAs does register some concern with us, I mean, looking into it.
So that's why we've been a little bit cagey.
And I would encourage everybody to follow Robert Kogan, who's one of the most heavily suppressed people on social media in general.
and his articles.
But just to answer Sukharit's question, there's a claim made by RKI that the entire story was politically motivated and that they were engineering results to suit political ends.
And so I agree with Sukharit, just that alone
is worth the price of admission.
But there's a concern there, because it's also patently clear that the Robert Koch Institute had been engineering itself for years, possibly even decades, towards the end goal of proselytizing a fake pandemic.
Sukrit, I'd be curious to hear whether you think I've picked out the important parts or there are other features that deserve mention.
Yes, certainly.
What you last said was, of course, a key point, meaning that these Robert Koch protocols, they are protocols of their meetings that took place daily.
starting in 2020.
Every day they came together and these protocols are the protocols of the meetings.
And it is absolutely clear, it was March 16th, 2020, where it is written in the protocols that they knew that this virus was not particularly dangerous and therefore the danger signal was set on medium.
too low, but that they were waiting for a phone call.
from a politician.
And when this phone call was received one day later, they would up the danger signal.
So this is political control of a medical institution.
And that is what set off the green light for the lockdowns and for the vaccination.
Okay.
Now, Nick, listen very carefully, all of you.
That is what is going around in Germany.
And it's going wild because, very correctly, that is enough to build a case against the Robert Koch Institute and the Ministry of Public Health.
However, there is one other protocol that is much, much, much more important.
There are over 4,000 pages of this protocol that all of you can read.
And in fact, I think they are now available in English, right, Nick?
Did you see them in English?
Yes, yes, we do see them in English.
I've got a point for you later as well.
Allow me a chance to come back.
Okay, Nick, then I advise you and all of you who are listening now to go to the protocol of the 27th of April 2020.
27th of April, 2020.
Just that one protocol.
Now, in the German version, it is on page 725, OK?
And right in the middle, there's a protocol of the subject that they were handling.
And what was that subject?
The subject was the
the vaccination program that was going to be started.
All right?
The implementation of a vaccination program.
Now, this was in April 2020.
Wow.
There was no vaccine, okay?
And no one knew that there were any clinical trials that were being held.
Now, listen very carefully, Stephen.
You open that protocol, look at that page, and you will see two things that will change history, if you can use them, and all of you can use them.
Ron Johnson can immediately use this in America because, of course,
This pertained to the implementation of the vaccination program in Germany and the world with the German product from BioNTech, Pfizer.
Okay, that was the first one.
So what do you read?
You read, lo and behold, several vaccines will become available.
They have been developed and tested in a
at lightning speed, very in an accelerated fashion.
They have been tested, developed and tested in an accelerated fashion.
So they were already there.
Okay.
Now, if you want to know how
that had been developed and tested, you go and read the autobiography of Ugo Sein and his wife, Joe Miller, Project Lightning Speed.
It's all written down there.
And it is documented that they used fake methods.
They said themselves that they had a problem to test the efficacy of the antibodies because they had neither animal
housing, nor did they have the virus to test whether the antibodies were efficacious.
So what they did was they had a cell culture system, which is a complete nonsense, Jay, complete nonsense.
And the results that they also presented in their own book would tell anyone, any politician, that there was
they had no results, they had negative results.
So what they did was they took cell cultures, J in one little culture well, there were 500, no 50,000 cells, okay?
Then they poured a pseudovirus, not the real virus, which they did not have, a reporter pseudovirus with a reporter gene, luciferase, on the cells.
It is all written down.
And then they took another well and looked to see how many cells they could
infect or transfect with this pseudovirus.
It wasn't a real virus at all.
And then they found out that they had a 90% reduction of infection.
However, if you look at the numbers, which you can read in their autobiography, what did they find?
They found out that in the control without the antibodies,
They infected 1% of the cells.
They lit up green, and the green fluorescence was so weak that they had problems measuring.
It was less than, it was background, okay?
Absolute background.
And if they incubated the pseudovirus with their DNA,
anti-serum.
They weren't even isolated antibodies.
It was the raw serum from the mice that they had vaccinated.
The numbers dropped down to 0.1%.
So of the 50,000 cells, they would get 500
500 in the control, 550,000 were pseudo-infected with the pseudo-virus, and if they were pre-incubated with the anti-serum,
They got 50.
And it was so difficult to measure the difference that they had to install very expensive, the most expensive instruments to measure this weak, tiny fluorescence difference.
And with those data, they went to the Paul Ehrlich Institute and showed them the 90% efficacy, established with a non
It was a method that can't be used.
It's never been used, okay, in vaccine science or technology.
It's stupid.
And the Paul Ehrlich Institute, under so-called Professor Ketrotec, who is a chemist and has been bought by all these guys, you know, in the background, all in America, he said, okay, guys, go ahead.
And that was the testing that they had done.
And the Robert Koch Institute knew this on the 20th of February, and knew that these vaccines were coming.
Now, to top this, guys,
The sentence under that sentence says, reads, okay, relevant data will first be assessed or collected post-marketing in humans.
meaning that they had no relevant data on C and safety, and meaning that the world population was going to be used as experimental animals.
Exactly.
Yeah.
But it's now it's, it's black on white.
And it's there for you.
And any
lawyers can use this.
Yes, so Sukrit, it's very important what you're saying.
So can I just clarify, are you saying that the Robert Koch Institute, no less, with its history, you know, previously, was creating or finishing off a business plan in April 2020?
Yes.
Yeah, it's fraud, and it's a racket, and a racket can be attacked in America, which is why I encourage... Five US states have filed criminal complaints against Pfizer.
They can use this document
But Sukrit, I just want to say to Senator Johnson, because I think it's very important he hears this from somebody, that in my opinion, Sukrit Bhakti and JJ are the people to listen to, Senator Johnson, and
Sukrit Bhakti in particular because he came up with the brilliant line, or he noticed, so he's a doctor and a scientist, a medical doctor and a scientist, and he came up at the end of the wonderful book which gave me hope in
November 2020, I think it was, Corona false alarm.
You said, Sukrit, this is the end of the age of the Enlightenment, the end of the age of Enlightenment.
And I thought, that sums it up for me.
And people were talking about this and that, but the big picture was that this was tyranny.
And you pointed that out at the end of your book.
I think it was at the end of your book, Corona false alarm.
Yes.
And so you could see the big picture very clearly then.
So great.
Ron's got his hand up.
While we got Ron, he's on a tight time frame.
Ron, can you go, Ron?
Well, first of all, I appreciate being invited to this.
Frequently am, but rarely have a chance to listen to these things.
My role throughout this process has been trying to seek the truth.
It's just that simple.
Provide the platform and be the lay person that can try and translate what you doctors are saying into something that the public can understand.
And Dr. Bhakti, I mean, I agree with you that
I've been in contact with JJ in the past.
I think he's brilliant.
I've been in contact with Mike Eden.
It's the reason I didn't get a vaccine.
I talked to Mike Eden.
You just said, I can use this.
I don't know how to use this.
Let me just finish.
What I've been praying for, what I've been hoping for, before my last Senate event, I think December of 2023, 2022, I assembled all these doctors.
And so I'm going to, you know, JJ is not real fond of anymore.
That's fine.
And I was hoping in a day's session before we put our event, I could be brought up to speed.
Okay, where are we with all the science?
Where are we in terms of information from the Koch Institute or from, you know, different health agencies around the world?
What is frustrating to me as I keep telling these docs these events, you're light years ahead of where the public is.
And we need to develop a foundational base of information to bring the public along to where we are, okay?
And a lot of people are, I know Mike, he has his conclusions.
I've got an open mind.
I don't, I think JJ said this, I don't know what happened.
I don't know who they are.
I mean, that's the mystery we're all trying to solve.
But listen, I am a sponge for information.
I'm looking for the best studies, the best piece of information.
I know it's coming in from all over the world.
You know, I'm happy to send that.
Hopefully, I'll end on this note.
Hopefully, if we get the majority in this next election, I'll be chairman of the Permanent Subcommittee Investigation.
There's nobody else in the United States Senate or Congress that are looking at this.
I mean, what the House did, those hearings, the only thing they're missing was a banner said, you know, brought to you by Pfizer.
So I want to use that committee, but I need
The information I keep asking, I want new faces.
Yes, Senator, listen, I've been following you and I would say chapeau to you.
I respect you tremendously and I feel what you are doing is great.
It's historic.
Now let me tell you what I am trying to trigger in Germany and in Austria and in Switzerland.
I am trying to trigger politicians to establish parliamentary committees of inquiry.
And the only question they have to investigate is the lawfulness of the vaccine authorization.
Because that simple question can be answered in very few hours before it can be proven
that the lawfulness did not exist.
Therefore, these vaccines are unlawful, and therefore, they must be stopped.
So Dr. Bakhti, let me tell you, the problem we run into is people literally don't want to know.
I held another event on American health nutrition, a second opinion.
And I think, as Dr. Chris Palmer said, they don't want to know the root cause to chronic illness.
So that is the resistance we're getting.
They don't want to know.
And the result of that, let me finish.
The result of that public hearing, I just got a letter today signed by something like 270 different agricultural interests, different state ag departments.
to the agriculture committee chairman and ranking member saying how much we need these pesticides and stuff.
So what we are up against is massive.
And there's just a few voices out here.
I mean, look at how many people are on this call.
We are a small minority and we've got to figure out what are the truths that are understandable by the public that will break through to create the public pressure to get these things changed and get it acknowledged.
Susan Johnson, the reason they don't want to hear you or listen to you is because they're living in different cults and you and I and Sukrit and JJ are not good cult members.
We're unusual because human beings have a predilection for cults, for joining cults.
Why?
Well, because they can then be led around and they don't have to think.
They don't want to take responsibility, most human beings and people like you and Sukrit and JJ.
Sorry, I must interrupt.
I really have the need to interrupt.
Sorry, Stephen.
I am not talking about a normal investigative committee.
I'm talking about a committee that is established in parliament now in Germany.
we have 15 states, right?
Saxony, you know, Turing, and in these states where the AFD has the majority, they can establish a committee of inquiry.
They don't have to ask anyone.
I know, but they won't.
Okay, that's great.
They won't do it to Congress, unless it's me.
In the U.S.
Congress, it will not happen unless it's me.
Can you do this in America?
Do the individual states like Texas or Kansas or Florida, they have their parliament, don't they?
They have individual legislatures and there are different attorneys generals that are going down this path.
But again, they are up against the same resistance.
Again, I'm not saying this is impossible.
I'm just laying out here are the problems.
And again, what we need is we need in an understandable fashion to normal people.
This was what happened.
And again, I think you disagree with JJ that we need our own narrative.
I think we do.
We have to be able to tell the story of what happened.
And it has to be reputable.
And Nick Hudson is exceptionally good at that.
Nick Hudson is good at that.
It could be that America and Europe have to go different ways, but the way that I think the Germans can and must take is this installation of parliamentary committees of inquiries.
And I can tell you, Senator Johnson, that this is going to happen in Saxon, in Union.
I talked to them yesterday.
They're doing it.
Didn't Germany just drop some study, though?
they read about, they were going to do something, and they just dropped some inquiry?
No, no, no, no.
This is all in the making.
Because the AFD, the party, the AFD has just come up.
And now they have enough members of parliament to cast this vote that this committee has to be installed.
And that's what they're going to do.
Yeah, by the way, I would also say because these are by and large American companies, Pfizer, I know BioNTech is German, but because this sprang from America, there's probably gonna be far greater resistance in America than there will be in other countries where they'd be happy to pile on and criticize and investigate American companies.
So I think- But we're not investigating any company.
The question that is going to be raised
that has to be answered by this committee is the question of the lawfulness of the vaccine authorization.
Not, you see, nothing else.
But they are the law.
Can I just briefly interject?
No, no, no, no.
Yeah, JJ.
So it's really important to realize that in America, we're on our own trap because we have our own laws and our own constitution.
In America, what enabled this to happen was a number of laws.
I'm not an expert on it, but the PrEP Act is one.
And what happens in the PrEP Act is very simple to explain, but only in the context of American law.
if the if a fundamental right in america is to be suspended the government is not assumed to be right the government is assumed to be wrong in other words it's not presumed innocent until proven guilty if the government's going to take away a fundamental right and that has been established as a very very firm
thing within american law and so the prep act allows them to suspend a number of rights including probably the seventh amendment and probably something other other another amendment and that suspension of rights is only subject to a non-elected officials whim
called the rational basis review, which is basically if he has a hypothetical reason, he can do it.
And that's not sufficient in the context of American law to justify the suspension of a fundamental right.
And what's pretty shocking is that all the lawyers that have been on our side for like 10 years on the vaccine schedule, haven't managed to
get this argument together and I have and I'm not a lawyer so that's the trick because those words don't mean jack and all in Canada they don't mean jack in Australia and so our traps are all different we have to know the the beast we're fighting but each one of us is in a separate cage okay okay Jay I mean
I have no insight in the American situation.
I'm just telling you what we're trying to trigger in Germany and in Austria.
The same thing is happening in Austria.
There's going to be
a parliamentary committee of inquiry.
I think that's why it's really important, because one country might find that they have a law that makes it very easy for them to punish.
And if they can, then that might set the momentum in motion.
That's my point.
different countries may have different levels of success to expose this.
I'm not arguing with anybody here.
I've been trying to get more and more people to cooperate from different points of view, different conclusions.
In the end, truth is truth, and that's what we need to uncover here.
So I'm just looking for more people to help uncover and expose the truth, recognizing how difficult that is.
Yeah, Sukrit, I think it's very important to point out that a lot of people in doctors and experts in inverted commas and scientists, even on our side, are very good at finding information.
But they're very bad, in my experience running this group, at joining the dots.
The information that they have and other people have, they don't want to know about other people's information.
They just want to talk about their information.
We need the dot joiners.
It's very important that we've got the dot joiners, and that's why we haven't made any progress with the true narrative.
The narrative that human beings can get closest to the truth.
I'm not saying we can get to the whole truth.
But obviously we can't solve a problem if we don't know what the truth is.
If we can't articulate to other human beings what the truth is, what we think the truth is, with good intentions and we're doing our best to find out the truth and change our opinions all the time, hypothesize when necessary as a good medical doctor should, then we're not going to win this.
We need to get a narrative out
as some time.
I've been saying it for a long time, but nobody else can see it.
JJ can see it now.
Yeah, Stephen, listen, I am not here to argue with you about what you should do or what I should do.
I'm not arguing, Sukrit.
I'm just telling you that the Robert Koch files
have exposed themselves.
And you don't have to look for the truth.
The truth is staring at you in the eyes.
Now, let me tell you.
Can you send me those pages?
Send me this information.
In German, yes.
I can tell you, Senator, when this came out in June, this June, it was so important that I sat down and extended my autobiography.
I've written a book.
It's out in German since last year.
And the new edition is going to appear in two weeks.
And it is also going to appear in 40 languages, including English.
And in those last 15 pages, I laid out why the time has now come for the world to act.
Because you have the instrument in your hands with which you can stop
this whole mass criminality, the whole vaccine program can be brought to a fall.
You just have to want to do it.
And exactly.
So great.
Yes.
And so so the book is going to be out.
It's going to be out in two weeks.
And it's
The title is The Way of Truth.
Okay, and it's my autobiography.
And I tell the whole story of COVID there very easily told.
And I end with the Robert Koch files with this page 725 and the statements that they have written down, and that they're open for the whole world to see that the world has been subject to a mass human experiment.
Absolutely.
I have no more to say, because it's all written down, and not by us, but by those guys themselves.
This is the wonderful thing about it.
But Sukrit, it was not just about the vaccine.
So you're a medical doctor and I'm a medical doctor.
So medical doctors, if they're good, they should be hypothesizing on behalf of the human species, thinking of their patients and humanity in general.
What happened in 2020 was obviously wrong.
It wasn't partially wrong.
It was completely wrong.
Let's go back four years.
It was a pack of lies.
So you've said tonight that we don't have to prove it was wrong.
They have to prove that it is.
It was actually justified.
It wasn't justified.
Human beings are very social animals.
They have incredible habits and they were robbed of their habits and they were robbed of their souls.
and the will to live.
They lost the will to live, many human beings, and that has not been talked about by any medical doctors in the world.
No, I mean, we agreed on all points, Stephen, but I am trying to find out how to stop the WHO and its vaccination program.
Everything else doesn't really interest me.
It does not interest me.
The WHO are evil, but the reason they need to go is because they're not needed, because pandemics are not possible.
That's why they look, this is beside the point.
How do we stop this vaccination program?
That's the only thing I'm interested in the only thing.
Because as you know, it's it's exploding now.
And if we don't think about a way to stop it,
I'm not going to go into discussions with anyone.
There's nothing to discuss.
While we've got Jay here, we've got one other scientist here who's got his hand up, and that's David Resnick.
Ron, have you had dealings with David Resnick?
Well, Charles, I'm concerned that JJ hasn't had a chance to... Well, he did speak at the beginning, but he hasn't had a chance to... We'll see what David Resnick has to say, then we'll go to Jay.
David?
Oh, hi.
Yeah, very, very interesting.
The reason I put my hand up is that I have four years experience facing what most everybody here has been facing five years.
I knew as early as February of 2020 that every aspect of what we're talking about today was
There was no way that I could explain to anybody why that was, because it took what you're experiencing right now, what you're all going through and facing, what you understand, how do you convey the useful information to other people?
That's what happened with the AIDS stuff back in the 80s and 90s.
Absolutely.
A subset of us around the world, and it has nothing to do with science.
You see, the key of it is it's not medical, it's not anything.
It's a pack of lies.
But how do you get away, how do you approach people without having to go through all this technobabble?
The technobabble with AIDS is not going to work with COVID.
That's why I don't want to get involved in this.
I agree with you.
You've got to take a non-technical approach.
Stay away from it.
We all understand it.
We cannot educate and bring people to this awareness in any reasonable time.
I want this to go through Parliament.
Well, that sounds a bit defeatist.
Hang on, hang on.
I would just make the argument that where my hope lies, and it might be just nonsense, but where my hope lies is that there are thousands of academic professional biologists in universities, labs, and in pharmaceutical laboratories that have the requisite biological background to hear the words, RNA cannot pandemic, and have like a
What does that mean?
They also can hear the words intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting my kid's immune system is dumb.
And then they could think about it.
They could think about what do I really know about immunology?
And if they asked those questions to me, I could go on for hours about how the immune system is organized from the inside out.
And the original idea of vaccination has always been to perturb the barrier at the,
in the direction that the immune system is oriented.
If somebody wanted to ask me, but how did they use PCR to lie?
I can explain to an academic biologist all the ways that they use PCR to be hyper-accurate, to get a publication in Nature, and how none of those optimizations were used in any diagnostics.
So there are questions that need to be asked, and I think there are people with professional backgrounds that will propel them to ask the right questions if we can just stimulate them
to think about them.
That's why I think technical, yes, you're not going to get a gas station attendant to understand it, but there are thousands of academics around the world that ought to be able to figure this out.
A real quick response.
Back in the 80s, the 80s and 90s, it wasn't just Peter Duesberg, me, and a handful of other scientists.
The people at UCSF did, the people at UC Berkeley did, and they knew it, but they kept their mouths shut.
I get it.
I get it, but we have social media now.
We have 40 different military platforms that people are logged into, and those 40 military platforms didn't exist when you were trying to get the truth out about AIDS.
They already knew it.
The scientists knew it, but they kept their mouth shut.
I knew these people.
So David, hold that thought quite right.
Nick's got his hand up.
But David, the difference this time is many, many millions of people, many billions maybe, have suffered greatly, and they don't even know, a lot of them, how much they've suffered.
Because they're in Stockholm Syndrome.
They're in Stockholm Syndrome.
That's a nice distinction.
Nick?
Yeah, just quickly, thank you.
It's been a great discussion.
It's been a long time since I met anybody sensible who thinks that there was a pandemic, and that's progress, and well done to a lot of you for promoting that version of events.
I think that if we are in the business of trying to discover the truth, then one of the things we need to do is take a good hard look at the most censored topics.
And it's so interesting that Sucharit led in with the RKI files, because there are two topics closely related to those which are among the most censored that we can't get people to go and face.
And the one is the important role that Germany played politically
in the whole story.
If you are one of the proponents of the view that Germany had a central role instead of the false dichotomy of DoD or China, then you will be severely censored on social media.
If you point out that BioNTech is the item of interest and not Pfizer, and if you insist on people naming the correct culprit in the biggest fraud of them all, you will be censored.
Those are two German-related stories.
But more importantly than both of those, I would say is we have a situation where if you step out
and say what JJ has said, that an injection is incompatible with developing an immune response.
You will be frozen to death.
the idea that... So, Nick, just hold on.
We'll say goodbye to Nick.
We'll say goodbye to Jay, because he has to go.
And you keep going, Nick.
So, Jay, thank you so much.
Yes, thank you, Jay.
Great work you're doing and being provocative.
Thank you very much.
I'm sorry I have to leave.
I'm often in the audience as an iPhone, but I'm here and thank you very much for all of your attention.
I really appreciate it.
Sukrit, you're one of my heroes, man.
I don't know what to say.
I wouldn't have made it.
Well, you're one of ours, Jay.
We'll try and set up another meeting, because I think it's very good to talk like this.
I also have to interrupt.
I have to leave as well.
But I want to stay connected.
Okay.
I mean, I came on because JJ and Dr. Bakker was on.
So I need more information.
So keep me keep inviting me.
Okay.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
Okay, so Nick, keep going because we're recording this and then Ron's staff can look at it and all of us can re-look at it and think through.
Keep going, right Nick?
Okay, and then the other point I was leading up to just in the context of suppressed narratives, you know, from the International COVID Summit 2 till about, I think it was 4, I was, yeah, I was a participant and speaker.
And I got to know several of the salient individuals there, including Robert Malone.
And things came unstuck there for me when it came to ICS-5.
And by then I was on like a, it wasn't ever really formalized, but there was sort of a committee that would meet and talk about the speakers roster.
And I said, look, at the moment, if we're not all agreeing that COVID was a political and not a medical event, then I think we're wasting our time.
And what disturbed me about ICS4 in Romania is that all the people who were there to deposit a political message were relegated to the arse end of the two-day session in favor of absolutely bizarre topics like how to use barometric
treatment modalities to treat long COVID.
You know, does the world really need to hear that?
But yes, apparently, according to ICS4, it did.
And so the speakers who had something to say about COVID as a political phenomenon were crammed into the last few minutes when the hall was empty, the videos were an absolute mess.
And so I got up there, I said, I'm not coming again.
And yes, we all agree that if we're discussing a political phenomenon, the majority of the speakers ought to be people of a political inclination.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
Good for you, Nick.
At that point, I got thrown out of the whole story.
Yeah, exactly.
The loan blocked me and it cut off all communications.
After two years, including trips together and lots of interaction, I was completely frozen out.
And that goes back to my original point.
Concentrate on the narratives that are suppressed.
And these are the narratives that are suppressed.
Absolutely.
Very good, Nick.
So Nick, I was in contact with the two people I knew.
One was American, I won't say the name, but one was Italian, and he was willing to listen to me.
I told him that I see one, in my opinion, they had the wrong speakers there.
I won't say which ones were wrong.
And so I had them interested for a while, but the female was a bit mysterious, you know, she kept her cards close to her chest, the one in America.
She was trying to persuade me, Nick, I'll just tell the truth now.
She was trying to persuade me that we needed to have Robert Malone heavily involved.
And I said, no, I think that Robert Malone, I don't have anything against him, but I don't think he's the one with the answers.
I think he has too much influence over your choices in ICS-1 or had.
And guess what happened?
It disappeared.
And that was after about five.
And so they were both going to listen to me.
So I think it was his cousin, the Italian guy.
It was his American cousin.
And essentially, I could not get the speakers I wanted on ICS2, or they wouldn't even consider them if Malone wasn't included.
Yeah, there's a very strong element of sustaining the pandemic narrative in the ICS community.
And to that extent, I believe the whole operation is essentially flawed.
It's leading people astray.
There was no pandemic.
It's very important to understand that.
And just the circuit, what you're proposing in Australia, there was a major push to have a Senate inquiry.
on the whole, just on a simple number of excess deaths.
It got through by one vote.
All of the submissions that were filed were ignored by the Senate.
It was a very short hearing and the fix is on.
However, in Australia, last Friday, a local municipality passed a resolution that I'm sure many of you have seen, the Port Hedland Council,
You know, and they've announced that they're taking these steps.
And already the state government is saying to the Port Hedland Council, keep your nose out of this stuff.
There's a lot to be said for Sukrit, for what you're saying.
Ron says, I can't do it at the top.
Yes, but we can take your advice, your comments, Sukrit, at the bottom, at local municipalities.
And there are people on this call doing it at a county level, county by county in California.
Julie Threatt is doing that.
with Ron Owens, OK?
Yeah, sure, good.
Nick, I don't think it was just political either.
I think it was a deliberate Trojan horse to push global totalitarianism.
That's what COVID was.
It was a Trojan horse amongst many Trojan horses, but arguably the most important Trojan horse because pandemics, in inverted commas, have the power to frighten people as they did.
Including doctors, including doctors.
Sukrit, on David Rasnick's point, and Nick, Stephen said, there are many thousands of academics now.
David, it didn't happen in the 80s.
The gift of COVID has been a large awakening.
Sukrit, is that your sense, Nick?
Many more academics and scientists are awake now than they were in the 80s.
Oh, absolutely.
I mean, we're looking at tens of thousands.
You know what happened in Tokyo two weeks ago?
This mass demonstration of 50,000 people and led by top scientists, Japanese scientists.
So it's not as if no one is standing up.
Many, many thousands, doctors, physicians, and scientists.
are fully awake and aware.
And that's why I think, as I say, the time has really now come for these official parliamentary committees to be set up, because they will invite the experts.
to come and talk in front of Parliament.
This happens in front of Parliament, not on the streets, not in any theatres anywhere, but in the Parliament.
And these sessions are recorded and have to be recorded.
And they get out into the media.
They always do.
So I'm placing my hopes in this.
And I'm really talking to the top politicians.
And they have told me that this is now, they've already done it.
The committees are being set up now, as I said, in Saxony, in Thuringen and in Brandenburg.
So Senator Johnson seemed to think that, the same as I thought, that something in Germany changed in this last week, Sukrit.
So there was something that they were investigating.
Maybe it was a false story.
So he seemed to know exactly the same as I seem to, I can't quite remember.
They decided not to have an investigation into the policy response.
Who did?
The federal government or the
Yeah, but it was a federal government.
But the federal government, of course, is not so important.
It's the state governments, you know, it's, it's, it's, this is a federal state.
So, each state has its own parliament.
Now, the federal government in Berlin is ruled, of course, by the other side.
But it is only in East Germany, in the former East German states, that the AFD and the other party, Sarawakian Commission, have now risen to power.
Okay, this happened in September.
And now for the first time they are able to install these committees themselves for their own states.
So these committees will only be operating for Thuringia and Saxony, but one state in
is extremely important.
Absolutely.
Because if they come to a conclusion in one state, like in Saxony, the other states will ask, well, now what about us?
Okay.
Sure.
Yeah, like a precedent.
so you're not you're not so so interested you're sorry you're not so disappointed that the federal government has just no no no that was clear that okay yeah i understand that's but i think that's what senator johnson that heard you say so but that that is meaningless yeah very good
We all know that.
And the other country where the really federal government is going to install a committee of inquiry is Austria.
Because in Austria, this
FPO or FPO has won the majority.
And the number of seats that they have suffice for them as a party alone to install a committee.
And they're going to do it.
It's going to happen, I think, in November.
But Sukrit, we've had a public inquiry in the United Kingdom, and clearly the chair of the inquiry thinks that her job is to warn the British public that they were terribly treated by the British government.
Every man, woman, and child suffered at the hands of the British government, I think were her exact words, but may have gotten slightly wrong.
And her perception was that in the next pandemic they have to do much better.
In other words, lock people down earlier and harder.
what's happening in Germany and Austria is not a public inquiry.
It's not a public inquiry.
It is there will be a parliamentary committee.
You know, this committee is going to be installed by the politicians themselves.
And since the AFD have the majority
The committee will be composed mainly of them.
And they all want to have this question settled.
That's what I've been telling you.
Have just one question settled.
Was the vaccine authorization process in Germany lawful?
the simple answer will be no.
Yes, of course it wasn't lawful.
And once that's been established it'll open the floodgates for what else was not lawful.
No, I don't really care but the moment that happens the vaccine's authorization is invalid and therefore they will not be able to apply them.
I understand.
Not only this vaccine, but all RNA vaccines.
You know the RSV vaccine is out now, and the flu vaccine is out now.
And the shingles.
The moment the judgment is passed that the authorization process was not lawful, then there was no authorization, right?
Correct.
David's hand is up and we've had Angus Dalgleish coming on a tour of Australia in the last week and that's, he's messy, he's coming out hard and has been going around the world.
No more mRNA jabs.
So that's also building on that.
David.
Yeah, I just want to say that I think we scientists, our job is to learn what's going on.
We don't have time and the other people aren't going to understand the technical stuff.
We have to just come out in mass and say it's a fraud.
Yes, I agree with you, David.
Yep, I agree.
And the more of us that say it, okay, if they ask us, how do you know?
I'll be happy to tell them.
But we have to start out with something they understand.
Okay, what's a fraud?
It's dangerous, it's going to kill you.
How has your life been?
Well, you get the idea.
The idea is to try to convince people of the technical stuff.
come out as scientists and professionals and say what we know.
It's a fraud.
Sure.
And David, you're absolutely right.
In the UK now, I can say that to people.
I get their attention.
They say, well, how do you know that?
And I say, well, all this usual stuff.
And they really listen now.
Two years ago, they didn't.
But not all of them listen now.
A lot of them want to do this.
You can see that they want to put their hands over their ears so they don't hear anything more which disturbs their minds.
I mean, I feel sorry for them.
But on the other hand, these people are keeping us in prison and ruining our lives.
and everybody else's lives.
People who are terrified of keeping us all in prison.
That's very good.
It's a clear message.
And what Ron Johnson wants to be able to say is, how does he use this information?
We've got offers.
We'll share those offers now.
We've got a lot of hands up, Nick and Sukrit and Steven and David.
So shall we go to them?
We've got less than an hour to go.
Sukrit, you're okay for questions?
How are you placed?
Sukrit, are you okay?
No, I have no question.
No, no, sorry.
Are you okay to answer questions?
Sure, but I don't know what they have now actually.
No, no, we'll just, whatever time you got.
Let's get into it.
Half an hour, okay.
Half an hour, Charles.
Great, okay.
Thank you.
Let's go, and I think, who had his first, I think Anders, you had your hand up first.
We'll go Anders, then John, so go Anders.
And we'll make the questions.
Please, can you ask the questions in two minutes?
That should be enough.
Yeah.
Okay.
So I think the problem is still ongoing, and it's not just mRNA.
The latest anti-flu shots, the dentist, anything you do, it's full of the same, which is not really mRNA.
It is magnetic injections of nanomaterials.
This is a major issue.
The historical issue is that
It was a fraud.
Robert Koch, he defined the protocol and basically there has never been any evidence of any virus according to Robert Koch protocol.
So, and this has been pushed for 120 years and people still, most people believe they need to take any vaccination because there is a claimed virus which does not exist according to scientific method.
So this is one problem.
The second problem is that for 170 years, people have been polluted with radiology, with electromagnetic frequencies, which has increased a million times or more the last 25 years.
And this radiology
it gives recently digital pulses into the humans, into the magnetic material, which causes another antenna in the body, which is then causing the harm to a big extent.
And this is the main problem, in my opinion, that you have this mechanism, not just from the
injections, but now from the chemtrails, from the polluted food, water, milk, anything.
And this is the GM, it is the pesticide, it is the water, and this is the whole program.
It's a total extermination program.
I assess now... What's your question?
Now the question.
Yeah, this is the problem of fraud in science and people
don't realize this and I will just ask can you please look into this Dr. Suraj Bhakti because this is the wider context of the problem.
Well, if I may just briefly answer, all of this is overwhelming me.
My capacity is limited, simply.
And I have to focus my energy on subjects that I think I can handle.
Now, everything that you say may well be true, and I'm afraid they are true.
But I do not have the capacity to enter into these fields.
I hope you realize this.
I'm retired.
We have a little family to take care of.
And this Corona business has been sapping my energy for four and a half years now.
So I think this has to be left over to other people like you and others who are in on the subject.
Very good, Sukrit.
And Anders is fighting the good fight, so he will continue, as will Mark Steele, as will others.
So Sukrit, thank you for that response.
Nick, is there anything you want to say on Anders' proposition on the whole question of 5G and the impact of the injections plus the 5G EMRs and the like?
So, are you talking to us, Nick?
Yes.
Yes, Nick.
Oh, sorry.
If you want to make a comment, just put your hand up.
We'll just keep going to the questions.
Okay.
Yeah, I do have one short comment on the radiation story.
I think it's a very interesting area, and I'm certainly receptive to opinions, but the one thing I would point out is that dose response is largely ignored by the most ardent activists in this field, and I think they do so to tremendous harm to their arguments.
To talk about a million-fold increase, for example, yeah, I can imagine that the total volume of waves being pumped out has gone up a million-fold.
But there's this notion of nonlinear dose response, which is
just universal.
Water has a nonlinear dose response.
COVID vaccines have a nonlinear dose response.
Everything you can imagine has a nonlinear dose response.
There's a range during which is potentially helpful and then a range at which it gets very dangerous.
If you sleep with a 5G transmitter next to your bed, it's almost certainly harmful.
But people get a bit too doctrinaire in the absence of robust
not just robust studies, but even robust explanations for how this harm would take place.
So I'm receptive, but I'm not going down the rabbit hole with any venom and force.
Because I don't think the answers have been delivered.
Absolutely right.
That's what I tried to do as well, but I'm not as successful as you.
But I've realized in this group tonight, I can see a little team that we can assemble around Ron Johnson, because he was more or less asking for that, and I'll contact you after the meeting.
So, but I don't want to say who, but I think I can see a team forming, and I hope that, Sukrit, you don't want to be part of the team, it sounds like, Sukrit, but maybe you can be our
executive advisor, or whatever you want to call it, you know.
Or we can appoint you to Ron Johnson as his executive advisor.
As long as I don't have to do too much, it's all right.
Well said.
All right, let's keep going with the questions.
John, look out, and then Julie.
Look, we've got a John and a Julie in a gym.
Gosh.
I had a question for Ron Johnson, and I had a question for JJ, and they're both gone.
Dr. Bhakti, I'll throw this at you just to see if you have an opinion.
Listen to JJ's last presentation.
He brought up this whole new angle here about pure oxygen, 60 liters per minute causing harm.
I have yet to hear anybody explain this to me.
How does, where does that leave hyperbaric oxygen as a therapy?
it, are we harming ourselves with that?
I mean, let me just say before you answer, I've gotten into one of those tanks once for about an hour, but I don't know what was being administered.
I know it was oxygen.
I know it was concentrated.
I know it was a couple of atmospheres.
That's all I know.
I don't know how much I got.
I felt great afterwards.
Do we need to back away from that?
No, listen, I'm not a pulmonologist, all right?
I just want to say one thing.
There is no general answer to such a question, because hyperbaric oxygen is indicated in certain diseases and illnesses, but certainly not in people with respiratory diseases like corona.
And there Jay is completely right.
If you administer something that is potentially toxic and dangerous to the wrong patients, you kill them.
And it's been known all the time that this hyperbaric oxygen therapy for so-called COVID patients was a mistake, was the wrong indication.
Maybe I've got this mixed up, but it seems like, correct me somebody if I misheard this, but I thought he was saying that this was the first cause, not the second cause, and I may have that wrong.
Yeah, it's not hyperbaric, it's high flow.
It's a distinction.
High flow oxygen is administered through a nasal cannula.
Hyperbaric oxygen is administered at pressure in a unit designed to basically to layer on pressure beyond normal atmospheric pressure.
They're two very different types of treatment.
Thank you for that clarification, Nick.
So the hyperbaric oxygen is administered to Djokovic, John?
Well, Nick, I think that in Germany they were using hyperbaric.
They were intubated and they pumped the oxygen in.
Okay.
Yeah.
So there may have been slight positive pressure, but it's not the same as getting into a pressure vessel and going up to like diving depth pressures of oxygen.
And I think- But they were intubated and ventilated.
Yes.
So with ventilators or prior to ventilation, that's the problem.
They would put these patients on nasal cannulas administering almost pure oxygen.
No, no, no.
In Germany, they were immediately intubated.
Yes, yeah, I'm aware that that happened.
In America, though.
Yeah.
But do you remember there was that Kyle, that Dr. Kyle Sedell, who came out and blew open the tragedy of the ventilators and said, what we should be doing is high flow nasal oxygen.
And that was a mistake, because what happened was the high flow nasal oxygen took perfectly healthy people and did lung damage, and then they put them on ventilators.
So that was
actually a core part of the scam.
And JJ speaks very clearly on this, and has read the enormous literature showing that this type of treatment is devastating and to be avoided.
But it became standard in a large number of countries, including South Africa.
Yeah.
So he was right.
Who?
JJ?
Yes, JJ was right.
Yes.
Okay, so I have nothing more to add.
Okay, on we go.
Julie.
Hi, you guys.
Hi, everybody.
Hi, Sukrit.
I wanted to give you maybe a little bit of hope, and I can hear it in your voice, and we're all kind of just exhausted.
I mean, God, it's almost been four years, five years.
So yeah, so Ron and I are fighting at the county level here in California.
We were at Colusa County this morning, and it was probably the most positive reaction I've had from supervisors, right?
And I think Ron would agree.
And what I asked of them was, look, you've got, it's a small county.
It's 22,000 people.
So probably of that county, 12,000 are vaccinated.
Hey, listen, why don't you send a letter to your entire county and ask them how their health condition is today?
They know who's vaccinated.
They've got their address and their names in the immunization database.
So it's very simple to send them a letter or just send the vaccinated a letter and say, hey, we know you were vaccinated.
We've heard that there's some potential issues.
What is your health like today?
Is it good?
Is it better?
Is it indifferent?
And maybe the person's dead, et cetera.
So I think if we start at those county levels, and I'm going to send Ron a message about that because, you know, he can look at Wisconsin, right, and go, look, Wisconsin's got like, I don't know, 3.9 million people of which 75% are vaccinated.
Send those people a letter.
And we're the clinical trial of vaccinated people.
How do you study us?
Send us a freaking letter and ask us, is your health better, worse, et cetera?
Did you follow VAERS report?
That kind of thing.
I know it costs money, but that's just a simple idea.
But yeah, this Colusa County, they defied the lockdowns.
They defied Gavin Newsom and said, no, we're not locking down.
So these supervisors are probably the bravest, most patriotic freedom fighters that I've faced so far.
So they were pretty impressed.
We gave them a lot of material in their hands.
And so we're hoping that they'll follow up with us and we'll get their sheriff involved.
My second point is Moderna.
I don't know why we're not going after Moderna.
Moderna is an American company.
It's the one that was created, I think, by the DOD.
Stphane Banzel is the CEO, this French guy who worked for this BioMiro that helped build the lab in Wuhan.
I don't know why we don't have Banzel in front of Congress and hold Moderna, whose manufacturing facilities are in America, and focus on Moderna and not this beast of Pfizer.
Number three, I put the nine second clip of Javier Becerra.
So HHS Secretary Javier Becerra, the highest level man over the CDC, FDA, CMS, NIH.
He's got nine seconds on a YouTube video at the White House briefing saying that the vaccines are killing blacks at two times the rate of whites.
If Ron Johnson takes that nine-second clip and blasts it in a congressional hearing, go on the floor and blast this nine-second clip and call out Xavier Becerra and take him to task, to me, that would be another big opportunity that he can move forward on.
And then just last, you know, americansforhealthfreedom.org, that's Dr. Mary Talley-Bowden.
There's a few hundred other candidates and elected officials that are trying really hard.
I just don't think they can see the forest through the trees.
And so, yeah, if we get anything together with Ron Johnson,
being a vaccine-injured person working in these clinics, I have a ton of ideas and a ton of information on how things were administered and stored and the problems, and I think I can give them a lot of ideas.
But Sukrit, we're trying, and I think together we will, you know, get through this.
My only other question for you, I asked it last time, how's the king of Thailand's daughter?
She's the one that was vaccine-injured.
Thank you.
Well, there is no answer to the last.
I am afraid that she is not amongst us.
You know that he also has a son who has a turbo cancer.
A doctor in America.
Wow.
Sukrit also vaccinated the son?
Yes, yes, of course, they're all vaccinated.
So Julie, the question that Sukrit is asking us to look at, and you might put it on the agenda, is to get the county supervisors.
I think there are 57 counties in California, is that correct?
Yeah, 58.
58.
So what was the lawfulness of the VAX authorizations in the county?
And just keep asking that question.
Because Julie and Ron Owens are going to these counties.
Investigate the lawfulness of the VAX authorizations.
You know, the big thing for them, it's the money, right?
So the counties were paid money to administer these shots, and they got immunization assistance money.
So my county, they don't operate off any authority.
They point to the state, right?
It's the CDPH, it's the state that got the authorization.
But because they got money, they're scared that if they, you know, defy the state that they'll have to pay the money.
It's just ridiculous.
It's stupid.
But there was no authority at the county level.
but they can certainly lock it up and stop it.
Our sheriff can go lock up the vials at the public health department where she stores them.
So it's finding brave people, brave sheriff with the brave supervisors and the ones that will wanna defy and push Gavin Newsom and say, screw you, we don't care.
And Shasta County's one, Colusa County's one, and we'll see where the others fall out.
Okay, yep, well said.
All right, thank you, Julie.
Jim.
Thank you very much.
And Senator Johnson asked a really good question.
Why does nobody want to know?
Why does nobody in Congress want to know?
And so, Dr. Bhakti, you're the last man standing here, and I really appreciate all your efforts from the beginning of this.
The answer to that is they have no courage
There may be more than that.
For instance, the inquiry as to who killed JFK, even Trump was scared to release who killed JFK.
And we now know that it's intelligence agents who are involved.
That leads us back to the intelligence community involvement with Pfizer as an intelligence operation, Gilead as an intelligence operation, Department of Defense.
And the former head of Gilead was Don Rumsfeld before he became Secretary of Defense.
So we know that the Department of Defense is intertwined with the biopharmaceutical medical industry.
The issue is the politicians are selfish and by their very nature they're always thinking of themselves, like many human beings in fact, but they're always thinking and what effect anything they might say might have on their political career.
And we don't care about their political careers.
They think we do.
So my question for Dr. Bhakti is, it looks like the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein, there's a getting a lot of press, the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein in vaccine or virus form seems to be a biological weapon.
And this biological weapon, you know, there's a biological weapons convention that was signed by most of the countries.
And except it looks like Israel may not have signed it.
And so the question is really, are they the only ones who could have false flagged China with this?
And would there be a, and since PNAC, New American Century document that was written by Victoria Newland's husband, and I put it in the chat earlier, says that there may be a use for a genetically specific agent
Doesn't this all fit with the Georgia Guidestones that says depopulate the earth down to 500 million?
Doesn't this look like a biological weapon that has been deployed to genetically specifically take down the world in the name of climate change by the people who invented it?
And if so, and the Department of Defense is in on it, how are we gonna stop the Department of Defense teamed up with various countries
including our own government that have agreed on depopulating the earth in the model of the Georgia Guidestones that we're standing up 90 feet tall in granite that were just blown up and we don't know who did it.
We don't know who blew it up.
How are we going to stop this?
Well, Jim, listen, of course I agree with everything that you say.
I also think that this global agenda has been created by a handful of devils, okay?
And it's been carefully planned over decades.
And now we are living through... Yeah, well...
Tyranny.
Tyranny, Sukrit.
Not only tyranny.
Well, nearly.
It's the end game.
Yes.
So my only answer to that is that I see no way of stopping it by mass protests because of many reasons which we will not go into now.
That is why I chose
I have chosen the other way, which is through politics.
Now, here, I would not entirely agree with Stephen.
You say politicians are always greedy and thinking of their own... Selfish, I said, Socrates.
selfish and narcissistic.
They think we care about their careers.
But there are exceptions.
There are exceptions.
Look at Ron Johnson.
And thankfully, I'm very thankful for this, the exceptions in East Germany and in Austria.
have now come into power.
You see, this is the difference between these states and America and the rest of the world, because they are out to change things.
And if things can be changed by the politicians themselves, they will, if they have the will to do so.
And there's just been, you know, Paul asking for the opinion of people
in the different parties.
And 75% of the party that has won the elections in East Germany say they want to have an investigation committee set up in Parliament.
And they're going to do it.
And the same in Austria.
So it's a different situation, Stephen.
You can't say it's the same situation.
Well, let's hope they're bright enough to choose the right witnesses, Socrates.
You need to tell them which witnesses to listen to.
Well, Stephen, this is not a big secret, but of course I've already been asked.
Good.
Very good.
There's another issue, and that is, it has to come from bottom up, from local,
from local municipalities, from local communities, because the German government, just like the Australian government, just like many other countries, are given instructions by the globalists.
They're given instructions.
If you don't behave in a particular way, we need to understand that.
That's the pressure.
The US also has that same pressure.
Bottom up, they don't have that control.
But Charles, you see, the thing is that these new parties that have now taken over are not under control.
They have not been bought and they will not be bought.
They soon will be, probably, Sukharit.
No, no, don't be... Stephen, let's not start discussing.
Don't give us that negative shit.
No, I don't know.
I just have hope.
OK.
Well, I have hope, but I've lost a bit of faith in human beings.
I haven't.
OK.
I know this guy personally.
We're befriended.
Right.
We've got two hands up.
We've got Zorael.
Stay here, Sukharit.
We'll let you go after James Rogowski.
But Zorael in Switzerland.
OK.
Good evening, Dr. Bhakti, and thank you for taking your time with us this evening.
I would like to just clarify what Jim was saying a while ago.
It was Robert Kagan who papered the project for New American Century, where they spoke about the cataclysmic changes that the United States has to go through, bar something like Pearl Harbor, for them to change the system in the United States.
But coming back to you, certainly back to your comment of the King of Thailand's daughter who died, and I'm very sorry, and his son also.
It's not an official statement.
This has not officially been made.
I know, but I have been following the story for quite some time.
I did want to know if there was any legal consequences, because we did hear
that there was something coming for the WHO, that there was something, some kind of legal steps being taken.
Can you speak about that?
No, as you know, the situation in Thailand is complex.
It is really complex.
And I cannot and do not want to speak about it at the moment, because there are huge movements
that are undercover, okay?
Okay, understand.
I'd like to come back to the, to the turbo cancer, which you spoke about also, because I have two data.
I have actually data from Switzerland in, from 2021 and compared to 2016, 17, 18, all the way to 2021.
In the year 2020 to 2021, there was an increase of 249%.
of cancer between the ages of zero to 14.
Sure.
Do you have any new information for years 2022, 23 and 2024?
Is there any?
I don't keep track of the numbers, because numbers don't really interest me.
What interests me is the mechanism of how these develop.
And there, there's very, very interesting new data.
which, however, I will not talk about.
Many paths lead to Rome, and many paths lead to cancer in the vaccinated.
They're now being unraveled.
So some extremely exciting data coming out now.
No, the question is, is there anywhere to find this data?
No, not yet.
It's not been published.
Because I also have from Germany the excessive deaths, which was also on the data, on the file that I'm looking at, you can see that it was over, well over 150%.
Sure, sure, sure.
And there's no doubt at all
the vaccines are doing this.
There is no doubt.
The question is how to prove it scientifically, with which data.
And right now, very, very exciting things are happening.
Really.
So that with God's help, I'm not doing this work.
It's the team, you know, around us.
And they teamed up with Kevin McKernan, the German group, our group.
Really, they have already discovered something that is so stunning.
I tell them they should publish this as soon as possible, but they don't want to publish it until they know all the details.
And I keep telling them, don't go for the details.
It's enough now, you know, this data alone.
The big idea, yeah.
No, the data alone is showing something that is so stunning.
And should be enough to stop the whole thing.
When you see the my big worry, worry, and I've been carrying this worry around with my myself for two years, is that so much attention is being paid to the spike protein.
And everyone is saying that it's a spike, it's a bioweapon, you know, and all this.
What I'm afraid of is that the guys behind the scenes are going to say, okay, we'll take down the COVID vaccine.
But instead, all the other vaccines are going to come through the back door, as they are already doing now.
And I want to warn the world
not to fall for this ruse and not to give them the chance to step down with the COVID and then come in with the others.
Correct.
Absolutely.
Because the others are going to cause exactly the same thing.
Maybe that was why Barik was looking into the spike protein for 30 years, because they wanted to create this story, you know, about the spike protein, it was COVID was all about the spike protein.
Yes, they could then take it away and then push the others, which they introduced.
And I said, so I was warning people two and a half years ago,
Malmo.
I give this talk.
And we've had Curtis Coste since 1991 warning against injections.
So, everybody, no fucking injections.
Thank you, Zarael.
We'll go on.
Thank you.
Can I just say, Zarael, you know the project for the New American Century document you were talking about?
Yes.
So, I was very familiar with the people who drafted that, you know,
Yeah, Shaney, Rumsfeld, a lot of them.
Yeah, Pearl, another.
And the line, the famous line that you were referring to, I think, was the Project for the New American Century was saying that all these changes are necessary for the good of America in the next century.
And so it was the neocons who were behind this, as I understood it.
Yes.
And even the attorney general at the time, whose name was, it's gone, he was in on it as well.
But the famous line you're talking about was that we, of course, we cannot do this without, including wars in Afghanistan and other states, you know, we cannot do this without a Pearl Harbor type event.
Exactly.
That was before
9-11.
9-11 was that Pearl Harbor type event.
Exactly, that's correct.
All right, thank you very much.
Thanks, Uriel.
James.
Hey, thank you for all of this information.
Dr. Bakhti, I want to ask you a very simple question.
Can you repeat very clearly what your goal
is.
What I heard involved the WHO, and I've done a little bit of work on the WHO.
And the question is, are you concerned mostly about the mRNA platform or vaccines in general?
And I'm here to participate and support your efforts however I might.
I put my contact information in there many times.
Please feel free to have anybody on your team reach out to me.
What very clearly are you concerned about and what is the goal that you hope to achieve?
What is it exactly that you want to stop?
All right, James.
Listen, as everyone here knows, this whole war is being pushed
by the DoD.
And there are three complexes, right?
The military-industrial complex, with the creation of weapons, where different nations are encouraged to kill each other, fight each other, and buy everything from the Americans.
Then you have the
a military financial complex, where they're going for the money, creating digital currencies so that they can create their own elitist world, and the rest of the world is at their mercy.
And the third is the
digital medicinal complex, I don't say pharmaceutical complex, medicinal complex, with which they are going to take control of the health, the minds, and the bodies of the world population.
And they need all three legs to stomp on.
If you can sever one leg, this monster will not be able to run anymore with the speed that it needs.
So my goal is to try to cut the leg of this military medicinal complex.
Now, the main instrument that they have are the gene-based vaccines, for reasons that we don't have to go into now.
But the reasons are very clear, very easy to understand, and very convincing.
Because with these so-called vaccines, they can
accomplish many things, they can kill many flies at the same time.
They can control the world population, perform eugenics, sterilization, and at the same time, they can introduce
particles into the body that will act as transmitters.
I believe that they are on the way there.
I don't think it's being done now, but it's going to be done.
And they can choose whom they want to exterminate, because it's so easy to distribute these vials in a controlled fashion.
so they can save themselves and get rid of the others.
All right?
This is terrible.
And furthermore, because there's no control over these gene-based vaccines, especially the RNA, it's very, very versatile.
And they can put into these vials whatever they want.
And genetic engineering has come a long way now.
So I know that Bill Gates has been interested in life prolongation medicines, especially for himself.
And I know that they are developing agents that theoretically may do this.
So the vision they have is,
For ourselves, we will have these agents that turn our lives into, you know, paradise for centuries, because we will not die anymore.
Ridiculous.
But they believe in this.
Oh yes, no, I meant they're ridiculous, not you, of course.
No, of course it won't work.
Of course it won't work, but they believe it.
Bill Gates thinks so.
And therefore they have set everything on this horse.
And the WHO declared this openly.
They're going to put everything on an RNA basis.
Furthermore, they're going to start treating the major simulatory diseases like coronary heart disease, diabetes, all right, with new agents that are all based on the RNA platform.
Because there's no legislation anymore, you have no processes that they have to go through.
Authorization, they are automatically authorized.
And that's why I think
that this is the Achilles heel that we should, that I myself, I'm going to aim at.
Stop the RNA vaccines, all of them.
And with that, we have severed that leg, the third leg there.
Okay.
Have I answered your question?
Yes, you did.
And, you know, count me in.
I'm with you.
I'll
100 percent.
And I don't know, Charles or Stephen, one of you said you had thoughts of the team.
By all means, by all means, count me in.
James Rutkowski is an expert on, a self-taught expert on the WHO.
Yes, yes, I know.
Oh, you know who it is?
Okay, very good.
All right.
Like our last question to you, Sukrit, before Stephen Glenn says he's got a 30 second question.
Go for it, Glenn.
Thank you.
Dr. Bakke, you described something coming along that you think will be a very positive protocol.
Are you familiar with the Dr. Peter McCullers well-documented spike protein detox, and might that be a useful path for people to start with right now while they wait for whatever is coming along from the group you're working with?
Well, I'm very hesitant about that because I'm not a great believer
in the major role that the spike protein itself has.
All right, I keep saying, guys, listen, quantities play a great role in biology.
The spike protein itself is certainly a poison, okay?
But I don't think there's enough of this poison to cause all the damage that we see.
What one has to realize is that
If an alien protein is produced by a cell, that cell will become the target of immune attack.
So one spike protein by itself sitting on a cell will do nothing.
But if that one spike protein is attacked by the immune system, then an explosion occurs, you see?
So the damage done by the immune system magnifies thousands of folds the damage that one protein can do
alone.
And therefore, I cannot believe that the detoxification protocols can really work.
I believe in certain things in those protocols, but not all.
Thank you.
Thank you, Glenn.
All right.
Sukrit, we know you're tight.
Stephen, over to you, Stephen, for the last.
You've got to go, Sukrit, I know.
OK.
So I was going to ask you, Sukrit, one of the problems we seem to have amongst the good people on our side is that they don't understand causation.
And I just wonder whether you could speak about that a little bit to throw light on why it's so difficult to prove causation.
And also, the other thing I would like to ask you, so as a medical doctor, I think that it's very important that doctors don't just follow protocols.
In fact, they shouldn't follow any protocols because that takes away their authenticity, if you like.
It takes away the autonomous doctor who is serving his patient.
So I think that these evidence-based medicine has led to protocols, and maybe that's why evidence-based medicine was highlighted.
because it actually took the power away from autonomous doctors who had medical ethics working for their patients.
And that was the intention, in my opinion.
So I wonder whether you could speak about those two things.
No, no.
Just causation, please, because there was, you know, time.
All right.
Listen, causation can be shown if you know where to look for it.
And as I think we discussed this together three years ago, the way to prove causation was the pathology, to look at the tissues like Virchow did, to find out whether there was something typical.
pathognomonic, meaning absolutely singular and particular for the vaccination.
And, and, and four years ago, I said, I feared that we will be seeing lots of clots.
Absolutely.
I remember that.
Yeah.
That was four years ago.
And you're dead right.
Yes.
But, you know, Stephen, I've never been wrong in anything very important in life.
No.
Because what I said and what I'm saying can be read in the textbooks of medicine.
Absolutely.
It's all known.
It's not my discovery.
I was just saying that if the textbooks are right, then there will be clots forming in all vessels from head to toe.
You won't know where they are, but they're going to be there.
And this is what pathologists have found.
And I also said that there will be quasi autoimmune attack on tissues
Because as I said just 10 minutes ago, any cell that dares to produce an alien protein is going to come under immune attack.
And that has also been shown to occur in people who had died after vaccination.
They see the inflammation, the autoimmune attack in various tissues, from brain, heart, lung, to anything you want.
Okay?
That is so typical, and it does not occur in any other disease.
So it is caused by the vaccine.
Now, moreover, you can now find the vaccine by immunohistochemical staining, and the spike protein has been found, okay, all over the bodies of these guys.
So it's proven that causality is there.
And now I come to one last thing.
You know that the U.S.
National Academy of Sciences, which is sort of like the Royal Society in England.
It published this paper in April 2024.
It had set up a commission, a committee, to find out whether they could show causality between
any of these diseases that people got after vaccination and the vaccination itself?
And you probably know that the answer was, we have regrettably not been able to firmly or absolutely establish causation in any of these 500 conditions with one exception, right?
You know what the exception was?
No, you don't, but it's written, you can, this is published.
Rheumatic myocarditis.
Oh, yes, of course.
Yeah.
Yeah, but but this is very important.
And they stated, further research into this area will not lead to any other conclusion, meaning that if anyone who was previously healthy, got vaccinated, and then subsequently got a myocarditis,
causality is proven.
You don't have to do anything.
You can go to court.
But a lot of people don't understand the importance of what that, you know, what it means when they're admitting myocarditis occurs.
So the essential thing, I don't care.
I just wanted to make the point that, you know, that you could have a subclinical myocarditis attack,
which could shorten your life by 10 to 20 years and no one would ever know.
But Stephen, okay, look, this I have also written in my autobiography, in the extended version.
It's all there, okay?
Anyone can read it.
It's appearing in 40 languages, so don't say that there was no way to know.
There is a simple way to know, just read it, okay?
It's a very short book, but it contains all the essential information.
So another thing that you brilliantly pointed out in early 2021 when we were doing the letters to the European Medicines Agency, you said, you postulated, you hypothesized that the biggest problem would occur in vessels of slow blood flow.
And then you went on to say in the brain that the worst place in your opinion was the cerebral venous sinus.
And so the risk was you could get venous sinus, cerebral venous sinus thrombosis.
Not the worst case.
It wasn't the worst.
It would also take place there.
In fact, all small vessels and veins of the brain, all.
And that's what has been found now.
But then, if you remember the third letter so quick, you then brilliantly used your, no, but you're so modest.
You said you've got this slow blood flow in the cerebral sinus thrombosis.
You thought that was a possibility that there would be a huge rise in the incidence of that.
And then you said anyone with headache, for example,
needs to be investigated with that in mind.
Very important point.
Yes.
All right, Sukrit, we're letting you go and we're going to end this meeting.
But the point about that, the point about that, Sukrit, so viewers may not understand.
So the point is that the, you know, VAERS, for example, it could be reported that someone's got headache, you know, or millions have got headache, you know, but it was a minor thing.
But actually it could be, it could be a diagnosis of a subclinical or relatively subclinical CVST.
All right, because I'm going to leave.
But let me give you one last piece of information, OK?
Austrian doctors, a little team, have found out that there's one very simple method to find out whether the capillaries in the body are, yeah,
a non abnormal, because compromised, compromised.
And this is the what is called nail bed, finger bed, capillary microscopy.
Yeah.
So there's an instrument where you can just see the capillaries of the nail bed.
And the first patients that have been looked at are extremely promising because they found
disturbances that could then be treated, okay?
And so, Stephen, I want to give this to you, as a doctor, so that you spread the information that this, I don't know, nail bed capillarscopy, I think it's called, yeah,
It could be a simple method for any doctor in the world to use to diagnose vaccine-mediated vascular injury.
non-invasive, it's cheap, and it's simple.
I can't do it, but the textbooks tell you how to do it.
I probably can't do it either.
I could probably find someone who could.
Someone put it in the chat.
It's so great.
It's a nail bed.
What?
Yeah, something like that.
Right.
You can research it.
You can research it today, Charles.
You're beginning your day in Australia.
I'm not going to research it.
Someone will put it into the chat.
I was joking, Charles.
I think it's a capillaroscopy.
Siobhan has put it in.
Nail bed capillaroscopy test to diagnose vaccine-mediated vascular injury.
Thank you, Siobhan.
Well noted.
Very good.
Thank you, Sukrit.
Okay, we've got a whole two and a half hours.
Sukrit, you've done brilliantly.
Go and do some meditation now.
And we pointed out there's a comment in the chat about the placebo effect.
Of course, there's a placebo effect where
not only 99.999% empty space, we're entirely empty space, so that your thoughts create it.
Sukriti, you were talking about the mind-body-spirit.
That's exactly what it's about.
Take off one of the legs and they're stuffed.
So, James, thank you for your contribution.
Thank you to everyone for your contribution.
Thank you for the wonderful
contributions to the chat, and we've got lots of work to do everybody, so time to come to these meetings so that you realize we've got another three years of hard work ahead of us, so no getting tired and look after your health.
Sukrit, thank you so much.
Big round of applause, everybody.
Oh yes, very good.
Thank you.
Thank you all.
Still drawing applause, Sukrit.
I know you're modest, but
OK.
Thank you.
Thanks, everybody.
Thanks, Stephen.
Bye-bye.
Bye, everybody.
Thank you, Charles.
Well done.
Thanks, everybody.
So what do people think?
Do you think we should have multiple guests, conversations?
Just one guest at a time.
That's a big conversation.
We'll hold it.
But there's Tom Rodman's got to have a conversation in the video telegram meeting, Stephen, with Tom Rodman.
That's a good idea.
Sure, yeah.